Added RLS to llms.txt (#321)
clockworklabs/spacetime-docs: llms.md

Scheduled reducer calls originate from the SpacetimeDB scheduler itself, not from an external client connection. Therefore, within a scheduled reducer, `ctx.sender` will be the module's own identity, and `ctx.connection_id` will be `None`.
:::

#### Row-Level Security (RLS)

Row Level Security (RLS) allows module authors to grant clients access to specific rows
of tables that are *not* marked as `public`. By default, tables without the `public` 
attribute are private and inaccessible to clients. RLS provides a mechanism to selectively

> expose certain rows from these private tables based on rules evaluated for each client.

Reviewer: Not quite. Private tables are always private. Access to public tables can be restricted by declaring RLS rules.

Author: Hold on, I don't think that's right though based on my testing. I assumed that was the case, but when I did it the behavior was the opposite. In fact I have a VOD:

https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2436221037?t=02h35m47s

Author: Sorry, actually this is the link: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2436221037?t=02h31m01s

Reviewer: Declaring RLS rules on private tables will now fail at publish time, so whatever was happening in this video should not happen again.

Tables marked `public` are always fully visible to any client that subscribes to them,

> and RLS rules do not apply to (and cannot restrict access to) `public` tables.

Reviewer: Patently false :)

These access-granting rules are expressed in SQL and evaluated automatically for queries
and subscriptions made by clients against private tables with associated RLS rules.

:::info Version-Specific Status
Row-Level Security (RLS) was introduced as an **unstable** feature in **SpacetimeDB v1.1.0**.
It requires explicit opt-in via feature flags or pragmas.
:::

**Enabling RLS**

RLS is currently **unstable** and must be explicitly enabled in your module.

To enable RLS, activate the `unstable` feature in your project's `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
spacetimedb = { version = "1.1.0", features = ["unstable"] } # at least version 1.1.0
```

**How It Works**

> RLS rules are attached to private tables (tables without `#[table(..., public)]`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RLS rules are attached to public tables (tables with `#[table(..., public)]`)
```
